Add volume mount support to annotations reference (#2455)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/operations/hosting/kubernetes/kubernetes-volume-mounts.md

## Configuration

You can set the following annotations in your deployment YAML:
1. **dapr.io/volume-mounts**: for read-only volume mounts
1. **dapr.io/volume-mounts-rw**: for read-write volume mounts

These annotations are comma separated pairs of `volume:path`. Make sure that the corresponding Volumes exist in the Pod spec.

```yaml
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
metadata:
  name: myapp
  namespace: default
  labels:
    app: myapp
spec:
  replicas: 1
  selector:
    matchLabels:
      app: myapp
  template:
    metadata:
      labels:
        app: myapp
      annotations:
        dapr.io/enabled: "true"
        dapr.io/app-id: "myapp"
        dapr.io/app-port: "8000"
        dapr.io/volume-mounts: "my-volume1:/tmp/sample1,my-volume2:/tmp/sample2"
        dapr.io/volume-mounts-rw: "my-volume3:/tmp/sample3"
    spec:
      volumes:
        - name: my-volume1
          hostPath:
            path: /sample
        - name: my-volume2
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: pv-sample
        - name: my-volume3
          emptyDir: {}
...
```

## Example

### Custom secrets storage using local file secret store

> Since any type of Kubernetes Volume can be attached to the sidecar, you can use the local file secret store to read secrets from a variety of places. Example, if you have an NFS server running at `10.201.202.203`, with secrets stored at `/secrets/stage/secrets.json`, you can use that as a secrets storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since any type of Kubernetes Volume can be attached to the sidecar, you can use the local file secret store to read secrets from a variety of places. For example, if you have a Network File Share (NFS) server running at `10.201.202.203`, with secrets stored at `/secrets/stage/secrets.json`, you can use that as a secrets storage.
```

1. Configure the application pod to mount the NFS and attach it to the Dapr sidecar.
```yaml
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
metadata:
  name: myapp
...
spec:
  ...
  template:
    ...
      annotations:
        dapr.io/enabled: "true"
        dapr.io/app-id: "myapp"
        dapr.io/app-port: "8000"
        dapr.io/volume-mounts: "nfs-ss-vol:/usr/secrets"
    spec:
      volumes:
        - name: nfs-ss-vol
          nfs:
            server: 10.201.202.203

>             path: /secrets/stage

Reviewer: Is /secrets/stage correct here?

Author: That is the path on the NFS server, can be anything as long as it contains a json file with secrets.

Author: I had a comment above that said 
> have a Network File Share (NFS) server running at `10.201.202.203`, with secrets stored at `/secrets/stage/secrets.json`

...
```

> 2. Point the secret store component to the attached file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Point the local file secret store component to the attached file.
```
